chore: update data manipulation readme (#716)
bcgov/CONN-CCBC-portal: docs/process_to_manipulate_data.md

7. If the data is testable in the app check and make sure everything is working as intended

8. Do not rewrite the statement by hand, copy the successful statement and repeat the above steps in `test`

9. Message the product owner to verify the changes in test and give approval to update in prod.

10. Make changes to prod and notify the product owner

> 11. Change intake dates in test to previous values or new values provided by the product owner

Reviewer: ```suggestion
11. If applicable, change any data in the test environment back to previous values or new values provided by the product owner
```
